man I don't think they don't want us bad
let's feel it I swear to god people feel
like this is one of the bags God do it I
did I'll just turn it how much food you
put in it shit
I learned earlier just you're looking at
me yeah I saw it you like water what the
door what your door don't know so it's
to go buffet the $10 a piece we bought
four of them I bought for $20 daggone
much $1.00 we won 50 we robbed that
fucking place born 1950 1954 - I got the
food NIT elastic motherfucking in that
red bridge yep Div III can't believe you
got that much hey cha cha knees charlie
done lost tonight boy he done lost your
bags that dude rusty see dad layers it
like like it's a nacho so he has like
chicken noodles chicken chicken chicken
noodle chicken or do you know they are
like that you break on my breakup and
they lay flat what did you think of that
she has chances big eyes chicken wing at
the bottom of her plate if you took it
later and then broke that wing Italy
flies a goddamn pancake I eat fucking I
know you hate fucking her I am well are
you sure yeah I'm a kids young cook yeah
so this is grandpa's tips
grandpa's giving you tips on how to get
the most out of your money for these to
go Chinese places and one more though
I'll be doing a cooking with Grampa this
week and i'ma have fried fish wrapped in
bacon oh it was good that's one I can't
eat you gotta want you to be I don't
know what you come over I'll be over
tomorrow stay the hell away just I'm
just gonna throw this out there grandma
said she's putting a spell oh I had to
say sup she is now becoming a witch and
she's gonna cast a spell Oh me what am I
going to turn into a toad or she really
is doing that yeah she really just do
that she saw again she go term here that
toad really ribbit she would walk around
with a serial killer book when is she
moving out tomorrow tomorrow she's
leaving tomorrow tomorrow's a day away
so for those who don't know
grandma has been living at Grandpa's
house for the past few days their own
room their own room of course how you do
it oh well fuck it we're gonna go our
separate ways now we both got our own
food I gonna have to last week door all
I do but risen high oh and the trip is
on when is it July 26 26 26 to the 29th
we're going to Disney or no when I go to
Disney World I ain't fucking with a rat
we're going to Universal we're gonna go
some some kind of walk what he was I
remember some kind of walk then we're
going to go to Cocoa Beach and we say
you know to visit the balls so you know
that Coco Beach doesn't mean you can
drink the water and we'll taste like
chocolate hard to do well that's it for
today loud-ass we are going to go and
consume our Chinese food and watch
Monday night wrestling I'm going home in
text